chore: qa docs for registered tokens between networks, import tokens, single address mode, and token swap (#872)
HathorNetwork/hathor-wallet-mobile: QA/QA_ADDRESS_MODE.md

> # Address Mode

Reviewer: chore: We need to reference this new file in the main `QA.md`, preferably before the other tests since we'll need wallets with no transaction on addresses other than index `0`.

We should make it as easy as possible to a human to reuse existing assets instead of requiring the creation of new ones for each test.

Author: Done. Replaced the inline `### Address mode` block in `QA.md` with a link to the dedicated `QA_ADDRESS_MODE.md`, kept early in the flow so the wallet is still pristine (no txs outside index 0) when these tests run. Also added it to the `Dedicated test suites` section at the bottom for consistency with the other suites.

This is the standard, every new wallet should initialize in single address mode. 

> 1. **Auto switch to multi with tx outiside index 0**

Reviewer: chore: Follow the existing format of the main QA markdown file. Specific title headers for the task groups and ordered points without checkboxes for each step.

We should have also enforced this on the QA_TOKEN_SWAP file, but it slipped and should be fixed later.

Author: Done. Reformatted `QA_ADDRESS_MODE.md` to use `###` headers for the task groups and plain ordered lists (no checkboxes) to match the main `QA.md` style. Leaving `QA_TOKEN_SWAP.md` for a follow-up PR as you suggested.

> 1. **Auto switch to multi with tx outiside index 0**

Author: Fixed in 869d3fa: `outiside` -> `outside` in the heading, and `Fo the next steps ... wallet connect` -> `For the next steps ... wallet connected` on the Reown intro line. The `adress` -> `address` typo on the same paragraph was already fixed earlier as part of @tuliomir's review.

    1. [ ] Generate a new wallet (or import an empty one)
    1. [ ] Go to Settings -> Address mode, the single mode should be selected.
    1. [ ] Select multi address mode and save. The wallet should restart.
    1. [ ] Go to Receive screen -> Generate a new address, copy and save it somewhere. We'll need it

>     1. [ ] Back again to single adress and save. The wallet should restart. We should be able to change the mode as we want while any transaction arrives in another address different than the index 0.

Reviewer: fix: typo and clarity
```suggestion
    1. [ ] Back again to single address and save. The wallet should restart. We should be able to change the mode as we want while any transaction doesn't arrive in another address different than the index 0.
```

Author: Applied — fixed the `adress` typo and inverted the clause as suggested so the meaning matches the actual behaviour (mode can be switched freely only until a tx lands outside index 0).

1. **Address mode per network**
    1. [ ] The wallet should be now in Multi, check it
    1. [ ] Go to settings -> Change network -> testnet/mainnet (should be a different network than the one that you did the steps above)
    1. [ ] Wait for the wallet restart, then go to Settings -> Address Mode, Single should be selected (and the standard for an empty wallet)

Fo the next steps you'll need a wallet connect to Reown, follow the [Reown QA](QA_REOWN.md) to do it.

1. **Single Address mode**
    1. [ ] Generate a new wallet (or import an empty one)
    1. [ ] Go to Settings -> Address mode. The single address should be selected.
    1. [ ] Go to Receive Screen, the "New Address" button should be hidden
    1. [ ] Call a reown send transaction method, the caller edit option should be disabled

1. **Multi address mode**
    1. [ ] Generate a new wallet (or import an empty one)
    1. [ ] Go to Settings -> Address mode. Change to multi.
    1. [ ] Go to Receive Screen, the "New Address" button should be visible.
    1. [ ] Go to Register nano contract screen -> the blue label saying that you can change the wallet address should be visible

>     1. [ ] 1. [ ] Call a reown send transaction method, the caller edit option should be enabled

Author: Fixed as part of the QA_ADDRESS_MODE.md reformat (2c779cb): the line is now a single ordered item without the duplicated `1. [ ]` prefix.
